It's okay, don't worry
Even if you sleep, things will work out somehow
What's wrong? Why are you making that face?
There's nothing to worry about
I'm pointlessly waiting for love at the station
Cuz' I have nothing else to do, anyway
I want someone to teach me the value of insincerity
Don't say a word! You better forget about things like love
Teach me anything, even painful things
If a single "mayfly" like this is "okay", it's better to forget
I can't listen to meaningless things only
I don't want to declare it
It's okay, no matter how much you throw up
Because words will never be enough
What's wrong? Don't you understand this sorrow?
I'm pointlessly waiting for love at the front door
Gasping in a whispering voice
I want someone to teach me the pain of regret
You better also forget somehow about the "heat haze" and this day
Just sing me about love without the sad things
You better not to think what a single kiss for the end is "okay"
I can't even forget all the meaningless things
I don't want to know them
Someday, we will also forget about the "heat haze" and this day, right? (with regret)
It hurts
noruttururuttuturururururu
If that one hesitation is "love," then I'd rather not know about it
Let me hear more of the "meaningless things"
Don't say a word! Please forget about things like "tomorrow"
Teach me about even painful things, how many times you want
I want that "unpolished" "mayfly" so much what i "drown"
Let me hear more of the "meaningless things"
I want to be loved
tutururutu